Book: The Swift Programming Language
https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/

1. Read: Control Transfer Statement - Control Flow Section

2. Read: API Availability - Control Flow Section

3. Read: Recursive Enumerations -

4. Read: Subscript -

5. Read: Convenience initializer - Initialization Section

6. Read: Deinitialization -

7. Read: Optional Chaining -

9. Read: Downcasting - Type Casting Section

10. Read. Delegation - Protocols Section

10. Read: Optional Protocol Requirements - Protocols Section

11. Read: Automatic Reference Counting -



## Questions:
What is the difference between var and let? Var is for mutable data and let is for constant data that is immutable.

What is an optional? An optional is a variable that may or may not have a value. It contains NIL and a question mark is used at the end to declare the variable optional.


What is optional chaining vs optional binding? Optional binding allows you to take either a value of some or none. Optional chaining is the process of querying and calling properties and methods on a variable that may be nil.


What are the different ways to unwrap an optional? How do they work? Are they safe?


Safe unwrapping using an if let statement which will not throw an exception . It allows you to determine the value of the variable.


What is a closure? A closure is an anonymous block of code that can store valuable data without a function call.


What is the difference between a class and a struct? Struct is a value type and class is a reference type.



What is the syntax '??' do? A nil-coalescing operator unwraps an optional if it has a value

What is a tuple? - A collection of values of different types.

What is Any vs AnyObject? A dictionary using any object s the value type is convertible to NSDictionary , but one using Any is not. 

What is a protocol ol? Protocol oriented programming

What is Delegation- A design pattern 


Read this article
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/choosing_between_structures_and_classes
